Having seen the fundamentals of flux, we are now in a position to use the facilities provided by influx
to do a real world study.
So this is still a toy example, but it's very representative of the stuff that we have to do in the
real world.
So we are going to start off with the smallest examples.
It's the typical machine learning example that people usually do whenever they're starting to learn
machine learning.
These are the digits which are handwritten digits from zero to nine.
And each of the images has an associated label, which is the ground truth.
So the images have a single channel, which is a grayscale channel.
And this is typically a 28 by 28 image in which each pixel is represented with a value representing
how black it is.
The idea is to take this image and feed it to the machine, give it some examples and then see if the
machine has learned.
So that is what we're going to do over here.
So let's move over to our example code over here.
So we are going to initialize our random library with a seed that is going to ensure experiment reproducibility.
You can send this to any value.
One, two, three, four is not important, but make sure that you keep it there so that you can run
the same experiments again and again.
OK, so let's run that and import some of the stuff that is going to be needed.
So we're going to use flux and the statistics package and we are also going to need the dataset that
comes built in with Whitlock's.
And we also have the one batch function from Plug's, which essentially converts categorical values
into one or two representations.
OK, so let's wait.
And on that, we are going to load the images using Amistad images and then see what the type of that
is.
So the type of images in this case is going to be an array.
So this looks really complicated, but we're going to break it down.
So it's an array, which is a one dimensional array, which means it's an array of images.
So all of this stuff over here that you see that is going to represent one image.
OK, so make sure that you understand this.
We have to break this down a lot.
So this is the whole image is variable is an array, which is a one dimensional array of images.
So this is one image.
What is one image composed of?
It's again, an array, but a two dimensional array because it's an image, it has a height and width.
OK, and what is an individual cell composed of?
It's a color type dot gray.
So it's a grayscale image in which each individual value is an eight bit unsigned integer.
OK, so this is not all that important.
All you have to understand is that it's a grayscale image, a 2D grayscale image and then a collection
of 2D grayscale images.
OK, that's what we have.
That is our images collection over here.
Let's dissect that a little bit so that we understand it really well.
The reason for that is whenever you're doing machine learning, you have to really understand your data.
Once you understand your data, feeding it to a typical machine learning model will be really straightforward.
But if you don't understand your data, it's going to be problematic.
So we're going to spend a little bit of time over here on that and see how Julia works with data.
So we're going to import the product package and try to plot the first image that we have.
So we are going to say that it should do a scatter image or the scatterplot for images one so for the
first digit image that we have.
So for this guy over here, OK, so we're going to block this and the this is going to be 200 by 200.
OK, so when we do that, Julia just knows that this is an image.
So it's going to plotted like an image.
So the image is over here.
If you try to look at the size of images, it should have 60000.
So this is the number of images that we have.
And for a particular image, the size is 28 by 28.
OK, OK, that makes sense.
Now we are going to load and encode the labels.
So if you do administrative labels, you get all the labels and you can see the first five to see what
they look like.
So obviously they are five zero four one nine.
So the first image that we saw over here, this is a five.
Obviously it looks like a five to us, but for machine, it's going to be difficult anyway.
So what we want to do now is to convert this five into a one hard vector representation.
OK, so if you just take a look at the size of the labels, it's 60000, which corresponds with the
60000 images.
We are going to use the one batch to convert all the labels into categories or one representation in
which the possibilities are from zero to nine.
OK, let me output the first label here and then you'll see what this means.
So we have all zeros and just one value is hard on our one because this is the value that corresponds
to five.
So zero one, two, three, four and five, six, seven, eight and nine.
So this is a five.
So we have this five index over here as one.
Please do not confuse this with the one based indexing of Julia.
Julia still does one based indexing, but this is the label zero and label nine.
So the digit that we're talking about.
So that's why we have this going from zero to nine we can take a look at.
The second one, so the second one has to be a zero, so the zeroth index is going to be one.
We can go ahead and look at all five of these.
So from one to five, the first one should be five, the second zero, the third and fourth and so on.
So five one.
This is for this is one.
So this guy over here and this is zero.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, nine.
OK, so all of these are converted into this representation, which is called the one vector representation.
This is because this makes it a lot easier for the machine to work with and it makes the mathematics
really easy to work with.
You'll see what this means in a minute.
OK, so the size of labels now is not just 60000, but then cross 60000 because ten rows and 60000 images,
OK?
Right now what we want to do is we want to create badges for feeding into the machine learning algorithm.
Typically we don't want to feed the whole dataset to the algorithm in one go.
And the reason for that is nowadays data sets are very huge and we have to break them into batches if
you want to feed them, because your typical dataset is not going to fit in the memory.
The smallest can fit into memory.
But we have to learn how to handle the datasets which do not.
So we're going to see how to create badges and prepare our data when it cannot be faked.
So what we're going to do is use what are called partitions from Bistrot iterators.
Let me give you an example of this outside of machine learning.
So if I say using bastante outrageous partition and I say for I in partition one and seven and two,
you will see that I go from one to seven and each step, each partition is going to be of two length.
So one, two, two, three to four, five to six and seven to seven because that is all we have over
here.
So you can create partitions for any length.
So from one to ten, you can create a partition of size two, you can create a partition of size five.
And that is going to give you one, two, five, six to ten.
So this is a really easy way of creating partitions instead of us having to loop over the stuff manually.
OK, so let's go back to our images.
So this is an image.
So this is a 28 by 28 image if we take a look at its type.
So the type of this first cell over here.
So image is one one.
This is going to be a grayscale image.
So this one cell over here is a grayscale image.
Now, this needs to be converted into float because of machine learning.
Algorithms work with floats.
They do not work with grayscale images or this really weird data.
They work with floats.
So we have to convert it.
Let's start off with these type of images.
This is this weird guy that we saw earlier.
So it's an array of one dimension.
So these are all the images.
Each image is a 2D array because it's a 2D image and it has as its individual value a grayscale image.
So we want to convert this whole thing into floats.
We can simply go ahead and say float dot images.
If you do that, you will see that the data type of this changes immediately to a proper format.
So we have an array, which is a one dimensional array.
This one thing is going to be our image, and this is a two dimensional array of floats, perfectly
clean.
So this becomes very clean.
The problem here is that this is flawed, 64 and a lot of the library which comes with flux is going
to work with floor 32.
So if you do not do this conversion from floor 64 to 32, this is going to be really problematic down
the line and it's going to give you errors.
It's one of those things that tutorials typically don't cover.
But I want to cover it over here so that you don't have the headaches down the line.
So we are going to convert this float dot images.
So this guy over here, we are going to convert it into an array, which is a monumental array of two
dimensional arrays of floor 32, not floats 64, but for 32.
So this is the difference.
So let's do this again.
So we are going to convert this guy into this guy.
OK, so let me put this on a separate line.
So this is going to be an array, which is going to be a one dimensional array.
So this is the collection of images.
One image is going to be a two dimensional array in which each cell is going to have a flow 32 type
value.
OK, so let's consider this.
So now if you take a look at the size of the first image, it's going to be 28 by 28 still.
So that's what we need.
But type of images is now in error rate and float 32.
So the difference between this and this is that this is flawed 64 and this is 32, which is what we
need for our models right now.
As we saw earlier, each individual image is going to be a grayscale image.
So it's going to have just one channel.
So if you're not familiar with channels, a typical color image has three channels, red, green and
blue.
So it's going to have this thing repeated three times, one for each color and those colors combined
to form the image that we see as humans as a color image.
OK, so red, green and blue.
So it's.
Three channels here, we have just one channel, but we have to convert it into a different format in
which the channel is explicitly specified.
So if you take a look at the image, it's going to have just it to the image over here.
We have to convert it so that the channel information is always is also there.
So let's go ahead and do that.
So, for instance, if we take this guy over here, images want to do so, the first two images and
we increase the dimensions to four.
That is what Cat does right now.
It has three dimensions.
The height, width and the number of images we have to convert it into force or an extra dimension is
going to be introduced.
It seems complicated.
I'll output this and then you'll see what this means.
OK, so Daewon is now going to be.
A 28 by 28, by one, by two.
So these are two images because we took two images over here and it's a 28 by 28 by one.
So this one has been introduced as an extra layer over here.
The reason for this is right now it's just one channel of grayscale.
But if it was a color image, it would be 28 by 28 by three, and RGV would be handled perfectly well
by our model.
OK, hope that made sense.
The Syntex over here is you create two elements for the tuple.
The first is going to be the image or the collection of images, and the second is going to be the collection
of labels.
OK, so we say dissolve one.
So it's a 28 by 28 by one.
So this is the number of channels and this two is the number of images of that Minton's.
OK, we're going to put all of this together.
Advertize is going to be a thousand and now we can create our training data dataset by combining everything
together.
So we are going to create a list of the first batch training images and the first batch labels.
Where does the batch going to come from?
It's going to come from the partition of one to 60000, so you can use it on a scale to make it more
readable.
So we are going to first create batches of that size each.
So we are going to have 60 batches from one 2000 and 2001 to 2000 and so on.
For each of these, we are going to collect the images.
Increase the dimensions by one and append the labels with them.
OK, so let me run this and then show you what the output is.
The training data is now 60 batches trained.
One is the first batch.
It has two things.
The training images and the training labels.
The training images are in train one one.
So these are twenty eight by twenty eight by one by a thousand images.
So a thousand images, one channel each channel has twenty eight by twenty eight grayscale image.
OK, and the second one over here is ten by 1000.
So ten for.
This and a thousand for the images, because that is our bad side of this made sense.
Please go ahead and do this again and again so that you understand everything that's going on.
Similarly, let's also create the test data.
So test data is going to come from the Amistad images call and test.
So we are only going to read a thousand test images.
That's all we need.
And we are going to convert this into floats.
And if you take a look at that, it's flawed, 64.
So we have to convert it into a 432 as before.
And then we are going to take a look at it Stip.
And now this is it from 32.
So everything is now, if everything works fine, we are also going to convert our tests using the same
dimension criteria.
So we have a channel added to it and we are going to convert our labels for the test using one hot batch
as well.
OK, so if you do that and you take a look at the size of it's 28 by 28 by one.
So this is one image for one channel and a thousand test images and the labels are ten by one thousand.
So one heart for this guy and then a thousand images.
OK, so now our data is ready.
We can go ahead and create the actual CNN model and see how this data can be fed to the CNN model,
which is going to be fairly straightforward.
Let's do that in the next video.